So I've talked for
long enough, it is time now for
you to put to use all of the things
that we've just talked about.
We've talked about our unordered, ordered,
and description lists as well as menus.
We've also talked about all kinds of
different selectors, and so now I'm going
to give you a page and invite you to mark
it up, and do a little styling with it.
So if you take it look at
the end of chapter two, and
then you try it list challenge.
We're gonna start here at
the beginning code pen, and
here is how you should approach this.
So, I have given you here a recipe for
ice cream that comes from a book
from a hundred years ago.
And you'll see here you'll
have to read the content and
think about what kind of
markup would go with this.
And we have an image that's here in place,
where we have preparation instructions,
we have instructions for
freezing, and so forth.
And then down at the bottom we have
a citation for where we got the recipe and
where we got the image.
So this is two steps, here's how
you approach this kinda problems.
So the first thing I want you to do,
is to run through and then mark it up
as semantically as you can, don't worry
about how it looks, just doesn't matter.
Think about what you wanna convey for
that meaning and
assume that there's an h1 elsewhere
on the page for your site identity.
In other words you're gonna start
your headings numbering from h2,
because usually the h1 is gonna
be located somewhere else.
Once you've got your markup in place and
you're happy with it, okay, so
in other words you have to
read that content, you have to
think hard about the markup, then
you're gonna go on to your CSS styling.
And what I recommend is,
if you take that image and
you put it through a site like
Adobe Color, and if you go to that
URL there in the comment,
it'll give you some colors to work with.
So if you are color challenged as I am,
usually if you start from a great image
it'll generate a color palette for you.
And then you can choose some Google fonts
or use standard fonts, and style up
the rest of the page to make it look
attractive by whatever your definition is.
I'm gonna leave it very open-ended,
and not ask you to recreate something.
Let's break it into two parts.
Let's give you 15 minutes,
to work on the markup, okay?
So just focus on the markup for
this first 15 minutes.
And then I'll come back and
we'll go through the markup answer.
And then I'll give you a little bit more
time to work on some styling, sound good?